Optimise deferred specific models (#12087)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/performance.md

When using the [`{% pageurl %}`](pageurl_tag) or [`{% fullpageurl %}`](fullpageurl_tag) template tags, the request is automatically passed in, so no further optimization is needed.

## Deferred fields

Some APIs require using the `Page` model, such as when you want to search across all pages on your site. However, you need to then render or call methods on the specific instances.

These specific instances can be retrieved using the `specific` attribute on either the page or queryset:

```python
>>> Page.objects.all().specific()
[<BlogPage: A Blog post>, <BlogPage: Another Blog post>]
>>> Page.objects.first()
<Page: A Blog post>
>>> Page.objects.first().specific
<BlogPage: A Blog post>
```

When using `specific`, custom fields which only exist on the specific page (eg the body of a blog post) require an extra query to load. When using the `.specific` queryset method, these queries are done in bulk (one per page type), rather than one per instance.

> Instead, these extra fields can be "deferred". If only the base `Page` model's fields are needed, but you still need your instance's methods, the extra fields can be skipped when creating the specific instances:

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
The loading of these extra fields from the database can be "deferred". If you only need access to the specific model's methods and properties, but not any of the unique field values, you can use the following to avoid any additional database queries:
```

```python
>>> Page.objects.all().specific(defer=True)
[<BlogPage: A Blog post>, <BlogPage: Another Blog post>]
>>> Page.objects.first()
<Page: A Blog post>
>>> Page.objects.first().specific_deferred
<BlogPage: A Blog post>
```

The instances are the same - the difference comes when trying to access these extra fields:

```python
>>> page = Page.objects.first()
>>> specific_page = page.specific  # A query is done here for the `body`
>>> specific_deferred_page = page.specific_deferred  # No queries are done here
>>> specific_deferred_page.body  # The query for `body` is done here
```

> Because no additional queries are performed, and less data is operated on, "deferred" models are significantly faster than specific versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because no additional queries are performed, and less data is operated on, generating these "deferred" model instances can result in a significant boost in performance, particularly when operating on a large number of pages.
```
